#  Data, Information and Knowledge
Data are the raw bits and pieces of information with no context, knowledge is knowing a lot about a topic and information is something with facts provided while learning about something or someone. 
The primary key is the unique identifer which could simply be a name.
Different customers have a possibility of having the same last name.
As a result of some customers having the same last name, Another form of a primary key would be to use an email address. 
It’s important to define the data types so that both the application and and the database knows what kind of data they get. It makes for fewer mistakes in the code, better user experience and the database then forces data integrity.
# Big Data
Volume represents the amount of data and is one of the main characteristics that makes data “big”. Volume represents the motion of the data. Variety defines different types of data and data resources. Veracity can be termed as the trustworthiness of the data i.e. calculation of the noises, biases and abnormality in the data. 
The first step of Big Data analysis starts with the identification of appropriate storage for Big Data. In Big Data world, HDFS is one of the most preferred file system for storing Big Data.
# Structured Query Language
RDBMS stands for relationship database. SQL is an acronym for Structured Query Language and it is a programming language that is used to work with databases. Most commonly SQL is used to work with relational databases. 
# Ethical and Legal Complications
# Code of Ethics
A code of ethics is a document that outlines a set of acceptable behaviors for a professional or social group; generally, it is agreed to by all members of the group. The Code is designed to inspire and guide the ethical conduct of all computing professionals, including current and aspiring practitioners, instructors, students, influencers, and anyone who uses computing technology in an impactful way.
An AUP gives directions on what behaviour and use of technology is approved by the owner or the community as a whole. A code of ethics is a guide of principles designed to help professionals conduct business honestly and with integrity
# Intellectual Property
lead the development of a balanced and effective international IP system that enables innovation and creativity for the benefit of all.
Copyright (or author’s right) is a legal term used to describe the rights that creators have over their literary and artistic works. Works covered by copyright range from books, music, paintings, sculpture, and films, to computer programs, databases, advertisements, maps, and technical drawings. Exhaustive lists of works covered by copyright are usually not to be found in legislation. Nonetheless, broadly speaking, works commonly protected by copyright throughout the world. Most copyright laws state that the rights owner has the economic right to authorize or prevent certain uses in relation to a work or, in some cases, to receive remuneration for the use of their work (such as through collective management). The economic rights owner of a work can prohibit or authorize:
At the national/regional level, trademark protection can be obtained through registration, by filing an application for registration with the national/regional trademark office and paying the required fees. 
# Information Collection
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) relates to computing services directed at children under thirteen years old. It’s important for an organisation to know that this is primarily determined by your actual users, where if a lot of children are using a web service or doing general internet activity on an app, it is assumed to be directed at that age group.  Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) concerns the privacy of student data and is a federal mandate in the US. If your organisation deals with student information, access to that information must be restricted to people who have an educational purpose for accessing it. For example, instructors and administrators whose work specifically relates to a student’s activity.The strictest of the three, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) is quite rigorous in enforcing privacy and protecting health and patient information. While not as extreme as PCI DSS, which mandates encryption of specific data items and forbids certain data items from being stored, HIPAA is often very specific about what must be protected. 
