# Hard Drives and Memory:
Latency and Transfer Rates are very alike but they also share multiple similarities as well. With the first difference they hold between one another is that they are both measured in two different speeds.Latency is measured in milliseconds and seek time as well which is the amount of time it takes for a hard drive’s read/write head to find the location of a piece of data on disk.Transfer Rates is being measured by megabytes per second, also known as “MBps” Transfer Rates are also being measured by the speed at which data is being transferred to and from the disk also. 
Ordinary flash drives have been convenient over the past years but some have found the solid state drive to be way more fitting for the time that we’re in considering that technology continues to improve as the years pass by. One difference between the two storage devices is that the regular flash drive has spinning platters and/or moving heads. In the article, it displays a photo of the two side by side. The solid state drive doesn’t have any moving parts at all, all of the information looks like it’s saved into the circuits. The solid state drive is more preferred by many because of the speed and stability that the old fashioned hard drive cannot compete with. 
Increasing RAM makes the computer run faster because first off the hard drive that’s being used needs RAM actually to be loaded onto it. It’s sort of like a middle man partnership if you think about it, the data being loaded onto the hard drive passes the information to RAM so that it can be delivered to the computer. Sometimes, if the memory is too low it may not be able to hold all the data that the computer needs. When this happens the other data must be kept on the slower hard drive to compensate for the low amount of memory. This causes the RAM to do extra work by holding hands with both the hard drive and the computer delivering info to both. In the process of this action it slows down the computer resulting in the RAM needing to be sped up. By increasing the memory, more data is able to be loaded into the faster RAM without having to go and keep asking for more info out of the flash drive. As a result of this, the computer runs faster.
The difference between the 64 and 32 bit data path is that the 64 bit path is faster because it can transfer twice the amount of data per clock cycle 
# Hardware
The ALU has two inputs, input A and input B. adding those two together, the control unit receives instruction from RAM and tells the ALU the type of operation to perform. While that process in play, the ALU does the operation and outputs the answer. 
# Hardware: CPU, input & output 
With the input, you can scan the barcode. The barcode is made up of various numbers which are gonna translate to the computer as numbers and letters and the output comes out as the total
# Hardware: Logic Gates & Circuits 
The truth table is a representation of the NAND gate's input and output which consist of true and false between input A, input B, and the output
# Hardware: IEEE - Ethically Alligned Design 
The inital purpose of IEEE was to connect the world with a data communications system faster than the speed of transportation. It was made to be more convenient for people to talk to eachother long distance rather than traveling. Ethics are important in device design because products get designed for people and the products are used in our everyday lifestyle 
# Data Representation 
A Binary is 8 bits, 1,2,4,8,16,32,64,128. Binary is always based 2(by the power of two NOT by two) More so adding and subtracting the numbers from one to another.
# Data Representation: Hexadecimal Color Representation
hex #ab00ff is composed of 67.1% red, 0% green and 100% blue. It could be a problem because the text color of some websites use this hue for basic sentences
