# File Compression
Compressed files take up less storage space and can be transferred to other computers more quickly than uncompressed files.
SVG is better for animation, it's more accessible and it's also weasier to style and script.
# Object Oriented Programming (OOP) 
the word self, which is a reference to objects that are made based on this class. To reference instances (or objects) of the class, self will always be the first parameter, but it need not be the only one.
The purpose of a constructor initialize data. It is run as soon as an object of a class is instantiated. Also known as the unit method, it will be the first definition of a class.
Classes are like a blueprint or a prototype that you can define to use to create objects while An object is an instance of a class. you can take the Shark class defined above, and use it to create an object or instance of it.
#  Unified Modeling Language (UML) 
 OMG is an international, open membership, not-for-profit technology standards consortium, founded in 1989. OMG standards are driven by vendors, end-users, academic institutions and government agencies. The purpose of UML is to Provide system architects, software engineers, and software developers with tools for analysis, design, and implementation of software-based systems as well as for modeling business and similar processes. Also to Advance the state of the industry by enabling object visual modeling tool interoperability. However, to enable meaningful exchange of model information between tools, agreement on semantics and notation is required.
 Summary: I couldn't figure out how to code in Python, I went into powershell and the interactive while following the guide. I also watched youtube videos aswell to get more clarification about the topic at hand but because this is the latest update with little to no explanations how to work it. Hopefully in the near future I could put the puzzle pieces together. Other than that situation, I had an interesting read about the articles presented 
